feat(changelog): load-balancers-removed-static-attachment-is-no-longer-a 2024-12-05 (#4086)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/december2024/2024-12-05-load-balancers-removed-static-attachment-is-no-longer-a.mdx

---
title: Static attachment is no longer available
status: removed
author:
    fullname: '#lb'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-12-05
category: network
product: load-balancers
---

> The static attachment of a private network to a Loadbalancer, that was deprecated in September 2023, will be removed from the api on January 2025. To achieve similar functionnality, use the ipam_ids parameters of the private network attachment endpoint.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature to statically attach a Private Network to a Load Balancer (deprecated in September 2023) will be removed from the API on January 2025. To achieve similar functionality, use the `ipam_ids` parameter with the Private Network attachment endpoint.
```
